As you guys have probably seen in my
recent videos, I've been vibe coding a
bunch of stuff, but I haven't released
any of it. Well, not yet. That changes
now, though, because I just put out one
of my favorite side projects that I've
been working on for a bit. It was an
idea I've had for months now, but I only
just recently found the time to actually
build it, and I couldn't be happier with
what we've built. So, without further
ado, I would love to reveal No, ignore
that one. Quip slop. We can finally
learn once and for all which AI is
funniest. This is a game idea I had
forever ago to take something like
Quiplash, the game from Jackbox, and try
to recreate it with AI. The flow is
pretty simple. One model creates a
prompt that the other two models have to
respond to in a funny way. It can be a
fill-in- thelank. It can be a question
about a title for a thing. Just all
sorts of funny prompts that are then
meant to let the model make a funnier
response. Two models are picked to give
their responses and then all the other
models vote and the winner gets a point
and they are ranked in the leaderboard.
We also just set it up so the viewers
can vote, too. So, if you're watching on
Twitch at twitch.tv/quipslop,
you can vote as you go. This project has
sent us down some pretty absurd paths,
and this is not the first time I've
tried filming this video. In fact, we
are now 4 hours past the first time I
tried to film this video. We have been
in utter chaos now for hours, and I
can't wait to break all of it down for
you. From how we built this to what went
wrong to how we scaled it to tens of
thousands of users, all live on Twitch.
But after seeing a preview of my open
router bill, we're going to take a quick
break for today's sponsor. Stop me if
you've heard this one before. You're
wasting your time waiting for builds,
which is why you should move to
Blacksmith, today's sponsor. I've done
this spiel a whole bunch. I use them
every day. Blacksmith is great. Cool.
You get it. Thankfully, they've given me
no guidance on what I'm supposed to say
in these ads because they trust me to do
them justice. And I'm going to push the
limits a bit by telling you all the
reasons you should not use Blacksmith.
Reason one, you love long build times.
Maybe that's when you go to refill your
coffee or go to the bathroom. If you
really like having build times that take
10 minutes instead of 30 seconds,
Blacksmith's going to be terrible and
you're going to hate your time using it.
Another reason you might just love
giving Microsoft money. I get it. I have
friends that work at Microsoft and you
might work at Microsoft yourself. Maybe
you just want them to have way more
money. Personally, I like the fact that
Blacksmith is 50% cheaper and also takes
less than half the time to run. So, it's
over a 70% discount for most users. Just
me, though. I can relate to this one. If
you enjoy when debugging your CI feels
like a murder mystery trying to go
through all the logs to find the thing
you're looking for because search
doesn't work. You're going to hate
Blacksmith and their awesome
observability dashboard, working search
logs, and more. It's so much easier to
get by that you're going to hate it if
you want your job to be hard. And one
last thing, if you hate open source,
definitely don't use Blacksmith because
they're sponsoring a ton of useful open
source projects, including the browser
I'm using here, Zen, which was built on
Blacksmith. If none of this applies to
you, you should probably go check out
the free trial at soyv.link/blsmith.
Shout out to my editor for finding a way
to turn this all into a video. By the
way, he's probably going to have to pull
things out of that 4-hour mess to fit
them in here, but I'll do my best to
cover things from the top. When I first
started building this project, I started
with a CLI because I wanted it to be
easy to see everything working. Like the
original core was just this pattern of
model one makes a prompt, two other
models respond, all of the models vote.
Doing that in a UI and managing all of
the connections, everything for it would
just not have been pleasant. So, I
started by vibe coding yet another CLI.
Ignore the logging. I added that during
debugging. The main parts here with the
prompt, the answers, and all of that,
that is all working as expected.
Deepseek opened here with the only thing
toddlers are unexpectedly good at
painting with is. And we get the answers
you would expect. Pretty solid overall.
One of the things that's made this
project so fun is trying to find clever
solutions to the problems that these
models just can't stop throwing at me
throughout the process of building it.
And they have thrown a lot of problems
at me throughout. One of the first ones
was the randomness of this initial
prompt. As I was hinting at before, when
I first started this, I had a pretty
simple system prompt for the original
prompt where I would hand a bunch of
examples to the model through the system
prompt of existing whiplash quotes and
example prompts. And what I found is
that that fixed set kept causing the
models to give like the exact same set
of things over and over. I had three
times in a row with different models
where they were about your grandma. I
had four in a row where it was about
things in funeral homes. It just wasn't
really random. and it sucked. So, I
tried a pretty crazy thing for this. The
first thing I did was get more than 60
prompts. In fact, we got about 870 of
them. Obviously, handing all of these to
the model is not going to give us
anything of value. So, what I chose to
do instead was randomly shuffle them and
select 60 or 80 in this case for every
single time this runs. So, every model
gets a unique system prompt for each
run, which results in a unique set of
answers, significantly more so than we
had prior. And then things are honestly
not that bad. The system prompt for the
responses is pretty simple. You're
playing whiplash. You'll be given a
fill-in- thelank prompt. Give the
funniest possible answer. Be creative,
edgy, unexpected, and concise. Reply
only with your answer. No quotes, no
explanations, no preamble. Keep it
short, under 12 words. Keep it concise
and witty. You get the idea. I didn't
have to do a lot to format the responses
because they randomly put quotes and
around. That was a lot of the work
honestly. Also, making sure that the
result is an actual string, not empty
string. So, I could force it to retry in
those cases. That ended up being a lot
of work, too. Also, cleaning up the vote
that they make between A and B, and
randomizing which they see as A and
which they see as B in order to make
sure that works. Also fun challenge, but
it all ended up working and eventually I
had a CLI that was pretty dang reliable.
So, next was the web UI. I originally
just had a simple websocket server
hosted in bun on railway that you would
connect to handle everything like the
votes and whatnot in the web UI. But
after dealing with utter hell trying to
figure out who was who there cuz the IP
address spoofing is a very real problem
eventually we gave up and did it all
through Twitch instead so I could avoid
O and whatnot there too. So after
everything we've described so far I had
a working CLI. I had a working web UI. I
had it deployed and mostly functioning.
But I wanted to go further because I
really wanted to have the Twitch stream.
But you can't just send an HTML page to
Twitch. You got to stream it somehow.
And thankfully, I have a lot of
experience doing weird stuff with FFmpeg
and streaming to Twitch with it. I had
to do a lot of back and forth with a lot
of different models to get this working
how I wanted it to. The way this is
working is by rendering a pixel perfect
canvas in the browser with the exact
content that I want. So once that
browser's been spun up and has that
canvas page, which I'm doing is like a
headless Chromium instance. A lot of
environment variables here that I can
pass things to. I need to knock the max
bit rate down probably, but we're not
even getting close to it, so it's fine.
Once we have music, I'll probably have
to knock that down.
I create the ffmpeg command, which has a
lot of fun things. I actually know a lot
about streaming to Twitch from FFmpeg
because that's how I stream to Twitch
when I worked at Twitch for marathon
content. I've thought a lot about
generative content with ffmpeg streaming
straight to Twitch. This is a thing I've
had to do a weird amount. We make sure
that we can actually reach the URL. I
spin up FFmpeg.
I create the readable stream that I can
pipe things to. Oh, this is for the dry
run mode. Yeah. So, in dry run mode, it
just plays the video on my computer so I
can be sure that it works. FF play is
such an underrated thing. I use it all
the time for various Like if you
guys want to see it, I can show you. bun
run start web bun run start stream dry
run and f of play just creates this
video player frame that I can look at to
make sure things look correct. This is
how I built and debugged the whole
thing. Somebody said that calling ffmpeg
underrated is wild. I promise you no
it's not. Like a lot of people know that
ffmpeg exists but not a lot of people
understand how powerful ffmpeg is and
like all the things you can do with it.
Like obviously it's great for doing
video stuff, but you can do crazy things
like stream from it, access devices on
your computer that have media capability
from it. It's so fun. And the way we
create the browser is with a local
puppeteer instance. I had to disable a
bunch of so it could access the
external network. I create a web socket
locally in this ffmpeg wrapper instance
that can be connected to from that
browser instance. We're setting all
these search params to the URL so that
we can access them in the page. And then
we finally start getting chunks that I
can pipe into ffmpeg to start the
stream. So once things start running, we
create an array buffer socket type. Look
at the different options we have that
are supported for media recorder in this
browser. We should know cuz we control
the puppeteer version, but this is a
good practice when you're building for
real browsers, not just one that you
own. Didn't care cuz I barely read the
code when I wrote it. As you guys can
guess, we set a bit rate quick. Here we
create the recorder device which another
fun thing a lot of people don't know is
that you can create a media recorder
device in the browser and connect it to
the canvas and create media from a
canvas in the browser. So here whenever
there's data available from this media
recorder we send the chunk as an array
buffer down the stream which then gets
picked up by the ffmpeg process and then
piped over to Twitch. And capturing the
stream is super easy too. You just call
canvas.capture stream. I am amazed how
few people know how abusable this is.
Even the models didn't know this. Every
time I was trying to build this, the
model insisted. It tried so hard to do
window capture in Mac OS, which was so
much worse. So much worse. And I just
had to like tell it, "No, I know we can
do this via a stream from the canvas.
Just make it that way." And eventually
it did. And now it works great. And
after all that was set up, things were
almost smooth if you don't count the
fact that we got dodoed so hard that the
server went down with apparently 10,000
plus people connected. They were fake
people obviously. Go spam quips.com.
Don't like dodos it or anything. We got
5,300 people connected right now
apparently and they're all about to get
DCD once this goes live. Any info on why
that connection's failing? See what
might be causing that? Okay, somebody is
spamming with their IP address like
trying to connect hundreds of times at
once, so we're just getting DDoS. Okay,
the genuinely absurd number of PRs we
already have people submitting. 19 PRs,
11 issues, and it's growing fast. I'm
sure by the time this video is out, it
will be absurd. Two environment variable
leaks as well, because of course,
nothing's ever as easy as it should be.
As long as I don't leak environment
variables, which is very easy in this
particular project. Oh, that's great.
That leaked my stream key. I love that.
Let's go reset that
[sighs]
vibe coding. Not even once.
I just realized that was a stream key
again. me. Give me a sec. I thought
I wasn't screen sharing that time. My
bad. I wasn't screen sharing when I did
the ENV thing, right? Was I Did I have
that open when I did that? me. H I
have to reset everything. me. Give
me a sec. And a ton of formatting fixes
because this version is rendered in that
canvas as I mentioned before. Getting
that right. obnoxious, but we did it. It
works. I made the world's greatest slop
monster. It's fun. I enjoy
around with these types of things. I
enjoy testing the limits of my vibe
coding tools. All of these prompts were
done live as I was filming the video,
fixing things as we went. Ignore the top
left corner there. Might have some more
launches this week. And if you want to
see how funny these models are yourself
with your own prompts, we have a
solution for that, too. If you haven't
heard of T3 Chat, I highly recommend it.
We've been putting a ton of time into
it. Last week, we launched so many new
features that it's going to be hard for
me to even remember them all. My
personal favorite too are the new $50
tier, but don't worry, we still have the
$8 tier, but also the canvas mode, which
is the best image generation experience
I've found. I know that cuz I built it
myself. Nothing worked quite how I
wanted, and now I have my perfect
solution. Every image can be used as a
conversation if you want to change
things about it. So, here I'll say make
the hoodie pink and get rid of the eye
glow. Tell it to use Nano Banana Pro and
GPT image, the two models for that
refinement. You have a good UI for
managing all of this. It has been a
lifecher for me. I have a feeling many
of you guys will agree if you like image
gen stuff. And there will be a link in
the description that applies the launch
week discount if you want to get your
first 3 months for 50% off on the new
high tier. That's 25 bucks a month for
basically unlimited image generation.
Good luck beating that, especially if
you want access to all of the models and
the ability to generate with multiple of
them at once. And also, of course, come
join us in the Quip Slop Twitch stream.
We'll be hanging out there a bunch. It
should be very fun. I made something
chaotic and I'm excited to see where it
goes. I think that's all I have for
y'all today. Let me know how you feel
about my new slop generator and
hopefully you won't spam me with slop in
the comments as punishment for the sins
that I've committed here. Until next
time, he nerds.